docs: update useProduct docs (#355)
vuestorefront/bigcommerce: docs/composables/use-product.md

## Features

The `useProduct` composable is used to fetch a list of products.

## API

> - `search` - the main querying function used to query products from the BigCommerce platform and populate the `products` object with the result. Every time you invoke this function API request is made. This method accepts a single object. See [GetProductsParameters](../reference/api/bigcommerce-api.getproductsparameters.md) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `search` - function for fetching products from the API and populating the `products` object with the result. This method accepts a single object parameter. See the [GetProductsParameters](../reference/api/bigcommerce-api.getproductsparameters.md) interface for more information.
```

> - `products: ProductsResponse` - the main data object that contains an array of products fetched by `search` method. See [ProductsResponse](../reference/api/bigcommerce-api.productsresponse.md) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `products: ProductsResponse` - the main data object that contains an array of products fetched by `search` method. See the [ProductsResponse](../reference/api/bigcommerce-api.productsresponse.md) interface for more information.
```

- `loading: boolean` - a reactive object containing information about the loading state of `search` method.

> - `error: UseProductErrors` - reactive object containing the error message, if `search` failed for any reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `error: UseProductErrors` - reactive object containing the error message, if `search` failed for any reason. See the [UseProductErrors](ADD PATH) interface for more information.
```

Change `ADD PATH` for actual link 😊
